== TODO ==
	* [.] Implement the "iterate to self-consistency" method to find groundstates using harmnoic oscillator bases
		- [X] This results in r == -nan on iteration 88 of the internal H-poly. loop.
				{{{c
				f64 x = 1872.271316;
				f64 r = ho_eigenfunction((i32[]){88}, &x, 1);
				}}}
			Do we have to use more float precision or can we get away with using another method?
		- [ ] Is there a way to make quadgk call its integrand with array
				arguments?
	* [ ] Move memory alloc to not interface with stack directly? can add check for  initialization.
	* [ ] Many-body pertrubation theory
		- [ ] How is this different from regular P.T.?
	* [ ]testing hob_eigenfuction_***
		* [X] create a single x, single n cached sum version
			* cached sum is roughly the same as the single x,n
				reccurence one!
			* my hypothesis is that reccurence is faster for
				multiple n, whilst sum is faster for
				multiple x
		* [ ] Test multiple x values
		* [ ] Test multiple n values
		* [ ] Test multiple x,n values
	* [ ] Get system information
		* [ ] Threads supported
		* [ ] Cache line size

== DONE ==
	* [X] Potential speedup for ITEM, adaptive timestep
		- [X] See papers/item.pdf
		- [X] "Moved on to using self-consistency iteration"
	* [X] Unify memory allocation.
	* [X] Basis functions instead of fdm
		- [X] Quadgk for numerical integration
			- [X] implement own quadrature?
	* [X] nasty bug
		the dimension n generate_grid is connected to a stack smashing bug, n = 1 => no smashing, n = 2 => smashing.
	* [X] memory allocation is 8-byte aligned
	* [X] Which ARPACK routines should we use for complex band matrices?
		"znaupd, zneupd, ..."
	* [X] Is there a more efficient LAPACKE routine for complex band matrices?
		"im gonna say no"
	* [X] Convert column to row major in eigenvalue solver
	* [X] numerical weirdness in results after a certain point?
		- [X] whats going on?
			"	the output from lacpake isnt automatically converted to row major in the same way that
				the input is, changed interpretation of eigenvector output to column major. "
		- [X] absolute values are still accurate.
			" turns out they weren't accurate, just sneaky, errors in this where especially visible at
				lower grid resolutions. "
	* [X] the operator that we're diagonalizing should maybe be real?
		" it should not, we need the output eigenvectors to be complex. "
	* [X] Try projecting full numerical hamiltonian onto known ground states (e.g. harmonic) to avoid having to
			diagonalize massive matrices. This is especially needed for higher dimensionality.
		" this is the way moving forward. "
	* [X] cos^2 x gives asymmetric solution
		" solved but not sure how. "
